She didn't say, I bow to the seekers of consciousness.
God is sat-chit ananda.
Truth consciousness is lits.
So, Truth is coming first.
There is a reason, because it is the gate.
So what is the Truth?
Shri Mataji says, the Truth is that we are the Spirit.
But there is a play in Sahaja Yoga.
Because on one hand, yes, we are the Spirit.
And on the other hand, we have to become the Spirit.
Because we are still with our ego and our superior.
So, we need to desire the Truth.
And to desire the Truth about ourselves, we need to introspect.
Because we are still human beings, and if we make mistakes,
with introspection we find out.
And this is our honesty towards ourselves.
That we try to find our own mistakes.
Not the mistakes of others.
So this is the Truth about ourselves.
And the Truth about the others, how do we find it?
We find the Truth about others when we forgive.
Because when we forgive, it means we don't see the mistakes,
because in truth they are something more than the mistakes that exist.
In the Truth of the others, even if they make mistakes,
they are more than the mistakes that they make.
So when we forgive, then we go to the Truth.
It is still complicated, I will try to...
The truth is that when we find our truth,
we are the only one who can find it.
And when we find it, we can't find it.
So we find our truth on our axis.
On the axis of the universe.
Now, when Sri Rama worships Sri Shiva,
it is very beautiful and it is very powerful.
When Sri Rama worships Sri Shiva,
it is very precious and very beautiful.
And I mention this because here you are the children of the son of Sri Rama.
The Slav people.
And so when Sri Rama worships Sri Shiva,
it means the entire world of action,
the entire management of this universe is put at the feet of the Ishvara, of the Lord.
And when Sri Vishnu is put at the feet of the Lord,
it means that the whole world is put at the feet of the Lord.
The whole world is put at the feet of the Lord,
because of the existence of the Lord.
So when we put our action at the feet of the Lord, we go to our axis.
But there is something else that I want to tell you,
because I had a dream last night, my first night in Ukraine.
Because Sri Shiva also pays homage to Sri Vishnu.
And I think it's important that we understand that here in Ukraine.
Because your national symbol is the Trishula of Sri Shiva.
Now I hope I can explain this, because it's the first time I am explaining this.
So, one day Sri Mataji gave me a big correction.
And a big patach.
And a friend of mine went and asked Sri Mataji,
Sri Mataji, why do you correct Grigore so strongly, because he loves you so much?
And she said, but in this way they always loved me.
They have built mosques for me.
They have built cathedrals for me.
So she said, human beings have always loved God.
But what about loving each other?
Now this is an important point we need to understand.
You see, some yogis felt that if they loved Sri Mataji so much, this was the core of their faith.
And then they are protected by that.
But to love Sri Mataji is not enough.
Because once we understand who Sri Mataji is, we cannot help but love.
Like the iron dust has no choice but go to the magnet.
You see, Shiva gave boons to the rakshasas.
Because they loved Sri Shiva very much.
And with the boons they had, they started dominating others.
So when Sri Shiva wishes that we pay homage to Sri Vishnu,
it's because our love of the Divine is not complete if we are not in the love of the Divine.
It's because our love of the Divine is not complete if we don't love each other.
It's important to understand this in Kiev because the Ukrainians probably have been Shiva bhaktas.
So actually we all in this hall, we are Devi bhaktas. This is understood.
Okay, so if we understand that our love for God is to be global and need also to cover our love for ourselves, then?
Then we should all desire unity.
Because we are cells in the body of Shri Mataji and how long is the war of the cells going to go on if we don't unite and love each other?
Sorry, I don't remember what I said.
Okay, so now is the trick.
Because understand this. If you would be in India in 1945, the British colonialists, they want a unity.
And the one who broke unity was Gandhiji because he started the revolution for the independence of India.
So unity is possible only in Dharma.
And remember the beginning when we said I bow to the seekers of truth?
The seekers of truth can only accept an authority which is just.
This is the other thing that Shri Shiva wants from us.
So to love Shri Mataji, to love God is not enough. We need to have Sahaja Dharma.
There were very big Sahaja Yogis in the beginning. They loved Shri Mataji very much. They were very capable.
Today they are not in Sahaja Yoga either because they could not love each other or because they failed Dharma.
Now if you have one collectivity which is divided, that means there are two proofs.
How can you have two truths? Then everybody is confused.
So what do we do? We go inside. We have vibrations. We have hamsa. We have enlightened consciousness.
And also in Sahaja Yoga it is not forbidden to have common sense.
Am I trying to take material advantages out of Sahaja Yoga?
Am I trying to exploit Sahaja Yogis? Am I trying to speak ill of those who are not following me?
If a leader do that, he is not inside Dharma. So we can forgive.
Then we cannot follow because Shri Baba to the seekers of truth.
Not to the followers of ABCD. And this is what Christ also told us.
If we all introspect and we look at our own failings,
and if we forgive the others who make mistakes because we can all make mistakes,
then we will come out of confusion.
And in any case it will be good for our meditation. So it is a win-win solution.
How much time do I have? 15 more minutes. I am not looking at my watch.
So you have to understand, you the people of Ukraine and Russia, you have to understand that we who come from the West,
we have a great need of you.
And we have to understand that we who come from the West and Russia, we who come from the West,
we who come from the West, we will be the same.
Because you are positioned on the Agnya chakra.
This is the narrow gate.
And it is the last step before Sahaja Yoga.
The last exam for graduation is always the most difficult.
So we need your help.
We need your help so that we may all as a global song across the Agnya chakra.
Russians have the same problems as the French.
Both the Russians and the French, they always loved strong leaders.
So in France you had Napoleon,
and in Russia you had Peter the Great, Nikolai the First, and the good uncle Joe Stalin.
The problem with Sahaja Yoga is that we need to follow ourselves.
We need to be our own guru.
There is nobody between our Sahasra and Shri Mataji.
Maybe some brothers are older, but they are like benevolent monkeys.
No yogi is your guru.
I am nobody's guru.
I am a disciple of Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi.
Like all of you.
We are sitting on the bench of the same school.
And if you follow somebody as your guru in Sahaja Yoga,
you make that person a false guru. Don't do this to him.
This is a karma that we need to go over,
because communism is possible only with realized souls.
And this is the karma that we need to follow,
because communism is a way of living in the future.
Do you understand?
Thank you.
We have been in Russia with Shri Mataji,
and we have been in Ukraine with Shri Mataji.
We have also been in other countries like Kazakhstan, like Estonia.
And wherever there was a Russian collectivity,
the collaboration was so beautiful, so peaceful,
and frankly, they were so much better than in my own country.
And when I was in the US, I was in Russia with a Russian collectivity,
and I was always in the same country,
I was always in my first country,
and I was always in my second country.
So, you know...
Good night.
Shri Mataji loved you very much.
Whenever she spoke of the people of Russia and of Ukraine,
she loved you so much.
So we really need you and please rise.
Within.
Become within.
Because spreading Sahaja Yoga is not the solution.
The Christians were very good in spreading something.
If we spread Sahaja Yoga and we are not yogis, what do we spread?
We spread Sahaja Yoga, but we are not yogis.
What is Sahaja Yoga?
Sahaja Yoga is not the solution.
The Muslims were very good in spreading something.
So, who is against unity?
Is it the one who denounced falsehood?
The one who is against falsehood
and denounced falsehood is not against unity.
False.
What is wrong?
The one who denounced what is wrong is not against unity.
We are a spiritual movement
and it is only in justice.
It is only in sincerity.
It is only when we stop playing games.
It is only when we don't try to benefit materially from Sahaja Yoga.
It is only when we don't use a position in Sahaja Yoga for personal influence.
That unity is possible.
Because unity is not officially chakra.
For us unity is at virata level.
And for this we need to cross Christ.
And Christ said,
Je suis la voix, je suis la verité, je suis la vie.
I love you to my wife, she is French.
I am the path, I am the truth, I am the life.
And Christos says,
Ya is pout, ya is istina, ya is siete.
We are many who came, not so many, maybe I don't know how many.
We are people who came from abroad and we thank you for your hospitality.
We really from the bottom of our heart we love you and we respect you very much.
We love you and we respect you very much.
Ukraine and Russia should be very great nations in Sahaja Yoga.
Not if we follow this one or that one.
But if we become yogis.
Because in Sahaja Yoga we call ourselves Sahaja Yogi.
We get a certificate before we pass the exam.
Because our mother was very generous.
But we still need to pass the exam.
And this has to be with truth.
The beginning and the end.
The alpha and the omega.
And why is it so important to be with the truth?
And I will end this with this observation.
I have a question for you.
Because when we say,
Hum tonei va sakshat shrikalki.
So when we say Hum tonei va sakshat shrikalki?
Shrikalki is the truth.
Shrikalki is istina.
And this is why the truth is the biggest destroying power.
Because eventually the truth will destroy falsehood.
See what happened with the Soviet nomenclature.
It was destroyed because it was no longer communism.
It was just mandarinate.
It was just a natural culture.
See what happened to capitalist countries.
They are being destroyed by the capital.
It is finance which destroyed the capitalist country.
Look at the game.
What is capitalism?
Finance is capitalism.
It is a capital that is not used by the American people.
Because Adam Smith was realized and wealth was created to be shared.
But they didn't share.
So you had two illusions.
Communism and capitalism.
Now they are being destroyed.
Because what is the next age?
What is called the golden age?
It is called satya yoga.
Satya yoga is the name of the world.
It is called the age of truth.
The age of truth.
And if we want to be in that age we need to be true inside.
And that is the age of truth.
The age of truth is the age of truth.
So no hypocrisy.
No hypocrisy.
No speaking about the love for Shri Mataji when we actually fight the next one.
We have to fight the love of Shri Mataji when we fight the next one.
No speaking of unity when we are those who destroy unity by wrong behavior.
Truth is Shri Kalki and Shri Kalki is the truth.
And He is the Christ King.
And today is Christmas.
So we are all like little children.
So we all take our ears.
Everybody please take your...
Shri Mataji please forgive our mistakes.
Shri Mataji please help us to rise.
Shri Mataji please help us to become ourselves.
Because you told us the truth is that we are such a tannand.
Please Shri Mataji give us the courage not to follow wrong leaders.
Give us the courage to become our own guru.
So if we understand that we need to love each other,
if we understand that we need to be dharmic,
then we will not be like the raksha self.
Who love Shri Shiva and still they were rakshasas.
Then we will be blessed by both Shri Vishnu and Shri Shiva.
Only with the blessings of our mother.
Because without the blessings of mother we cannot please the father.
It's only when she blesses us that we can please the father.
Copyright © 2020 Mooji Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved.